1 Longman , the third , looked at the others over his shoulder .
2 Goldband , the fourth , had a gold sash round his waist ; and little Playman did nothing at all , and was the more proud .
3 There was too much ostentation , and so I came away . '
4 ` And now we are sitting and shining here ! '
5 said the bit of bottle-glass .
6 At that moment more water came into the gutter ; it streamed over the edges and washed the bit of bottle-glass away .
7 ` Ah !
8 now he has been promoted ! '
9 said the Darning-needle . '
10 I remain here ; I am too fine .
11 But that is my pride , which is a sign of respectability ! '
12 And she sat there very proudly , thinking lofty thoughts . '
13 I really believe I must have been born a sunbeam , I am so fine !
14 It seems to me as if the sunbeams were always looking under the water for me .
15 Ah , I am so fine that my own mother can not find me !
16 If I had my old eye which broke off , I believe I could weep ; but I ca n't -- it is not fine to weep ! '
17 One day two street-urchins were playing and wading in the gutter , picking up old nails , pennies , and such things .
18 It was rather dirty work , but it was a great delight to them .
19 ` Oh , oh ! '
20 cried out one , as he pricked himself with the Darning-needle ; ` he is a fine fellow though ! ' '
21 I XXXXX not a fellow ; I am a young lady ! '	am|born|find|picking|pricked|said|sat|seems|streamed|thinking

1 But he did not lose courage , and ran back to the stream with his pitcher , filled it once more with water , and was home ten minutes before the King 's daughter arrived .
2 ` Look , ' said he , ' I have only just exercised my legs ; that was nothing of a run . '
3 But the King was angry , and his daughter even more so , that she should be carried away by a common , discharged soldier .
4 They consulted together how they could destroy both him and his companions .
5 ` Then , ' said the King to her , ' I have found a way .
6 Do n't be frightened ; they shall not come home again . '
7 He said to them , ` You must now make merry together , and eat and drink , ' and he led them into a room which had a floor of iron ; the doors were also of iron , and the windows were barred with iron .
8 In the room was a table spread with delicious food .
9 The King said to them , ` Go in and enjoy yourselves , ' and as soon as they were inside he had the doors shut and bolted .
10 Then he made the cook come , and ordered him to keep up a large fire under the room until the iron was red-hot .
11 The cook did so , and the Six sitting round the table felt it grow very warm , and they thought this was because of their good fare ; but when the heat became still greater and they wanted to go out , but found the doors and windows fastened , then they knew that the King meant them harm and was trying to suffocate them .
12 ` But he shall not succeed , ' cried he of the little hat , ' I will make a frost come which shall make the fire ashamed and die out ! '
13 So he put his hat on straight , and at once there came such a frost that all the heat disappeared and the food on the dishes began to freeze .
14 When a couple of hours had passed , and the King thought they must be quite dead from the heat , he had the doors opened and went in himself to see .
15 But when the doors were opened , there stood all Six , alive and well , saying they were glad they could come out to warm themselves , for the great cold in the room had frozen all the food hard in the dishes .
16 Then the King went angrily to the cook , and scolded him , and asked him why he had not done what he was told .
17 But the cook answered , ` There is heat enough there ; see for yourself . '
18 Then the King saw a huge fire burning under the iron room , and understood that he could do no harm to the Six in this way .
19 The King now began again to think how he could free himself from his unwelcome guests .
20 He commanded the master to come before him , and said , ` If you will take gold , and give up your right to my daughter , you shall have as much as you like . '
21 ` Oh , yes , your Majesty , ' XXXXX he , ` give me as much as my servant can carry , and I will give up your daughter . '	Do|answered|began|commanded|cried|free|like|put|stood|succeed

1 But he could not undo the string .
2 There came by an old , old shepherd , with snow-white hair and a long staff in his hand .
3 He was driving a herd of cows and oxen .
4 These pushed against the sack so that it was overturned .
5 ` Alas ! '
6 moaned Little Klans , ' I am so young and yet I must die ! '
7 ` And I , poor man , ' said the cattle-driver , ' I am so old and yet I can not die ! '
8 ` Open the sack , ' called out Little Klaus ; ` creep in here instead of me , and you will die in a moment ! ' '
9 I will gladly do that , ' said the cattle-driver ; and he opened the sack , and Little Klaus struggled out at once .
10 ` You will take care of the cattle , wo n't you ? '
11 asked the old man , creeping into the sack , which Little Klaus fastened up and then went on with the cows and oxen .
12 Soon after Big Klaus came out of the church , and taking up the sack on his shoulders it seemed to him as if it had become lighter ; for the old cattle-driver was not half as heavy as Little Klaus .
13 ` How easy he is to carry now !
14 That must be because I heard part of the service . '
15 So he went to the river , which was deep and broad , threw in the sack with the old driver , and called after it , for he thought Little Klaus was inside : ` Down you go !
16 You wo n't mock me any more now ! '
17 Then he went home ; but when he came to the cross-roads , there he met Little Klaus , who was driving his cattle .
18 ` What 's this ? '
19 said Big Klaus .
20 ` Have n't I drowned you ? '
21 ` Yes , ' replied Little Klaus ; ` you XXXXX me into the river a good half-hour ago ! '	's|carry|creep|die|fastened|go|met|said|thought|threw